today's slo-mo is from hey Doc race
course we're gonna be wrapping up the
horsepower so today so I would love to
see one of these guys a horse galloping
slow-mo that sounds fantastic
we got here and we've got street artists
would you reconcile what do we have to
use to film this guy well I think we
should get the vampire Batmobile get
some nice tracking shots alongside maybe
in front brilliant because I'm gonna be
standing up in this one I'm gonna need a
harness just to keep me attached so I
don't fly off the back on the side or
anything like that
the horse is also gonna be nice and safe
so we're gonna shoot on a nice long lens
just for that just to keep our distance
so doesn't speak the horse or the horse
doesn't have a chance of coming towards
the vehicle we just first take with the
horse so we're just going down to meet
it it's down on the far end of the
paddock the horse is raring to go
so that looked amazing man yes I must
isn't it I mean we think of horses as
four-legged animals but actually these
front legs are effectively arms so here
you've got biceps elbow wrist still have
a bit peculiar but it's just so much
muscle they're driving it forward and
you see they're just hooking into the
ground with those hooves really
absolutely caning it and you can see I
mean it's much like saying with our
Achilles tendons and wrists they're just
hammering a lot of pressure into those
fetlocks fetlocks basically sort of like
the wrists and ankles of horse if you
like they've got these really thick
tendons and they just still so much
lasting energy they're just like spring
so they're just rocking off one really
gnocchi's the chest cuz these guys are
obviously they're big animals and
they're moving really fast like Duncan
said that was about 45 yeah which is
actually Full Tilt that was proper
gallop
so I'd love to just see how that engine
works really how much air they're
getting in
yeah see if we see those ribs move yeah
let's do that
that was great really cool yeah oh looks
awesome then I think Duncan said that
was 40 miles an hour that's almost Full
Tilt you weren't expecting photos yeah
so you can see those ribs aving out
there I mean it's looking quite slow
there but that should it's about 140
times a minute they're breathing in an
hour Wow I'm taking about 40 liters of
air a second and what's the human
equivalent when we're going full so it's
about 40 breaths a minute
that's a proper animal design for
exercises there there who have made of
keratin much like our nails or a rhino
horn so there's a certain amount of
flexibility to them but they're actually
also really strong there's a cushion
inside the hoop that is the primary
shock absorber when the horse is running
around then they got that big surface
area on the hoop as well to help spread
that impact out so these guys have had a
great race of a Andy thanks so much
you're a complete star but it looks like
it needs to cool off of it so sorry you
ready
horses are fantastic animals and if you
like watching this don't forget to
subscribe to earth unplugged and we'll
see you next time on slo-mo and we're
gonna leave you with a beautiful shot of
street artist as he enjoys a
well-deserved roll around in the sand
you